build: install from source (#74)
streamingfast/substreams-sink-sql: README.md

>    > **Note** Or install from source directly `go install github.com/streamingfast/substreams-sink-sql/cmd/substreams-sink-sql@latest`.

Reviewer: This should go away then
```suggestion
   > **Note** Or install from source directly by doing `git clone https://github.com/streamingfast/substreams-sink-sql.git && cd substreams-sink-sql && make install`.
```

And we can remove the newly added section `Install from source:`. 

Installing from source is for "advanced" usage so it's fine to keep it in the note.
